index.md, before:

# Resource Index

This page serves as a central index for the various resources we share and provide. 

## Tutorials
- [**Darkhax's Tutorials**](https://darkhax.net/tag/mc-mod-tutorial?MMDDevPins) - 1.8/1.9/1.10/1.11/1.12
- [**McJty's Tutorials**](https://wiki.mcjty.eu/modding/index.php?title=Main_Page) - 1.10/1.11/1.12
- [**ShadowFacts's Tutorials**](https://shadowfacts.net/tutorials/forge-modding-112/) - 1.10/1.11/1.12
- [**The Grey Ghost's Minecraft By Example**](https://github.com/TheGreyGhost/MinecraftByExample/) - 1.8/1.10/1.11
- [**Bedrock Miner's Tutorials (Archived)**](https://web.archive.org/web/20170629194638/https://bedrockminer.jimdo.com/modding-tutorials) - 1.7/1.8
- [**Wuppy's Tutorials**](http://www.wuppy29.com/minecraft/modding-tutorials/forge-modding/#sthash.WeP0PGW2.dpbs/) - 1.3/1.4/1.5/1.6/1.7/1.8
- [**Forge's Official Docs**](https://mcforge.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
- **VikeStep's ASM Guide** - [Part 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FgaxnpD-DC4) - [Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75_rJYLj5AU)

## Articles and Resources
- [**List of Mod Ideas**](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10EDeU8_gGPBNcmZg_m9QTCuiRee-Ifw8dNWUTlGqWlg/edit) - A giant list of mod ideas you may use in your projects.
- [**Java for Complete Beginners**](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9DF6E4B45C36D411) - A playlist of videos on YouTube that will teach you how to develop in Java. This is a very beginner friendly resource.
- [**Oracle's Java Tutorials**](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/) - These docs can be very technical, and are not friendly to new developers. 
- [**Oracle's Naming Conventions**](https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/codeconventions-135099.html)
- [**How to use ObjectHolders**](https://gist.github.com/TehNut/dad98543d72d9338d780a24e087e9c7e/) - A guide on object holders, and how to effectively use them.
- [**Why Does Side Only Exist?**](https://gist.github.com/TehNut/4e7b60e0a43c39a709b8b59ae48cb493) - An overview of what the SideOnly annotation is, and why it exists.
- [**Why 32x Textures are Bad**](https://latmod.com/moddingtutorials/textures32x/) - A technical breakdown of why 32x textures should be avoided.
- [**Vanilla's Built In Profiler**](https://www.reddit.com/r/feedthebeast/comments/5mxn51/vanilla_has_an_built_in_profiler_that_not_a_lot/?st=jvpsruh4&sh=bb7c1846) - Vanilla Minecraft has it's own debug profiler. This post explains what it is, and how to use it.
- [**Energy Conversion Rates**](https://gist.github.com/DeflatedPickle/403e1eb0bb0bed7f2509142e63630726/) - A table of energy conversion rates, such as RF to Joules.
- [**1.13 Changes & Primer**](https://gist.github.com/williewillus/353c872bcf1a6ace9921189f6100d09a) - A break down of all the changes in 1.13, and how to adapt to them.
- [**Maven Version Ranges**](https://maven.apache.org/enforcer/enforcer-rules/versionRanges.html) - Format used in version range strings, for dependencies.
- [**Bitshifting Tutorial**](https://latmod.com/tutorials/bitshifting/) - What bitshifting is, and how it works.
- [**OpenGL11 Rendering Tutorial**](http://www.glprogramming.com/red/index.html) - A technical tutorial for OpenGL 11.
- [**Polygon Point Functions**](https://web.archive.org/web/20161108113341/https://www.ecse.rpi.edu/Homepages/wrf/Research/Short_Notes/pnpoly.html) - An archive of some documentation on doing polygon point calculations.
- [**Animated Texture Format**](https://minecraft.gamepedia.com/Tutorials/Creating_a_resource_pack#Animation_Properties) - Documentation on the animated texture format.
- [**Forge Recipe Factory Example**](https://github.com/MinecraftForge/MinecraftForge/blob/1.12.x/src/test/resources/assets/crafting_system_test/recipes/_factories.json) - An example of how to add new recipe factories to forge.
- [**Forge Info by Version**](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MinecraftModDevelopment/Modding-Resources/master/Version%20Info.png) - A list of forge gradle versions and relevant usage info.
- [**Forge 1.12.2 JavaDocs**](http://maven.thiakil.com/forge-1.12-javadoc/) - The Forge 1.12.2 Javadocs.
- [**Why Doesn't My Event Handler Work!!??**](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/179315645005955072/475010493824892948/unknown.png) - A simple flow chart explaining how event handlers work.
- [**Removing Sensitive Data From Git**](https://help.github.com/en/articles/removing-sensitive-data-from-a-repository) - How to remove sensitive data from your git repo.
- [**Learning Git**](https://try.github.io/) - A collection of resources to learn git.
- [**Forge's contained deps example**](https://github.com/JamiesWhiteShirt/clothesline/blob/master/build.gradle) - An example script that uses contained dependencies.
- [**Troubleshooting Json Models**](https://greyminecraftcoder.blogspot.com/2015/03/troubleshooting-block-and-item-rendering.html) - How to debug broken Json models.
- [**Old (1.7.2) Models**](https://jabelarminecraft.blogspot.com/p/complex-entity-models-including.html) - Documentation on the old way of doing models.
- [**IntelliJ Debugging**](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/debugging-code.html) - How to debug with the IntelliJ IDE.
- [**Eclipse Debugging**](https://www.eclipse.org/community/eclipse_newsletter/2017/june/article1.php) - How to debug with the Eclipse IDE.
- [**Why you should never use OpenGL directly, or GlStateManager.pushAttrib/popAttrib**](https://gist.github.com/JamiesWhiteShirt/ff2521936a83ebc10fd6893e206a6770) - A breakdown on why you should always use the GlStateManager instead of OpenGL directly. Also covers why push/pop attrib is broken.
- [**Common 1.12 Mapping Changes**](https://gist.github.com/strikerrocker/1e31558b35dc65c49fb56fddca9fcf5d) - Some of the more common methods that have been remapped/changes in 1.12.
- [**Mod Dependencies**](https://gist.github.com/strikerrocker/873f81e686f391662f39b83efee136ff) - How to load other mods into your dev environment as build dependencies.

## General Tools
- [**Thiakil's MCP Mapping Viewer**](http://mcp.thiakil.com/index.html) - Lets you quickly search for info on MCP and SRG mapping names.
- [**Bspkrs's MCP Mapping Viewer**](http://bspk.rs/MC/MCPMappingViewer/index.html) - Lets you search through MCP mappings locally.
- [**Minecraft IDEA Plugin**](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/8327/) - Adds specialized support for Minecraft in IDEA. This is not required, but usually recommended.
- [**Techne Model Conversion**](https://gist.github.com/ljfa-ag/cd137f5c741a0cfb0ead) - A pearl script for converting techne models to other model formats.
- [**JsonLint**](http://jsonlint.com/) - A linter for Json. Let's you validate and format json files.
- [**Lang2Json**](https://tterrag.com/lang2json/) - Converts old .lang files to the new json format.
- [**Curse Profit Calculator**](https://cobalt.darkhax.net/curse-profit-calc/) - Allows you to quickly calculate curse profit by project over a period of time. Comes with several ways to export the data.
- [**Modmuss's CurseTracker**](https://cursetracker.modmuss50.me/) - Shows statistics about Curse downloads, including hourly download breakdowns.
- [**Author Version Coverage Sheet**](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gQY1EzYwOXpfehluqujwh_32regA798RHmdlgG6rdKU/edit#gid=0) - A google sheet which can be used to visualize all versions a mod author does/doesn't support with their mods. This is especially useful when tracking your progress updating to newer versions.
- [**Gradle Collection**](https://github.com/MinecraftModDevelopment/Gradle-Collection) - A collection of gradle scripts that can be imported and used in your buildscripts.
- [**GitIgnoreIO**](https://www.gitignore.io/) - A database of various .gitignore entries.
- [**Code Recipe to Json Recipe**](https://gist.github.com/williewillus/a1a899ce5b0f0ba099078d46ae3dae6e) - A class to convert old code recipes to new json based ones.
- [**Minecraft Recipe Generator**](https://crafting.thedestruc7i0n.ca/) - A tool for building new recipes in the vanilla json format. 
- [**Coding Practice**](https://www.hackerrank.com/) - A place to practice your coding skills.
- [**Json Smelting Recipes**](https://gist.github.com/Bluexin/c4960cf81b7720afbda0b1fbcfdd0450) - Allows 1.13+ style json smelting recipes to be used on 1.12 and below.
- [**Minecraft Anntations**](https://github.com/mezz/MinecraftAnnotations/) - External fix for null/nonnull annotations.
- [**BetterCF**](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/bettercf) - A FireFox extension which adds several useful utilities to CurseForge, such as in browser maven info for Curse files.
- [**CurseForge Maven Helper**](https://github.com/Wyn-Price/CurseForge-Maven-Helper/releases/latest) - A client side app by Wyn Price, which can generate maven info from a CurseForge file.

### Git Clients
- [**GitKraken**](https://www.gitkraken.com/) - A somewhat advanced git clinet. 
- [**GitHub Client**](https://desktop.github.com/) - Easy for beginners. 
- [**SourceTreeApp**](https://www.sourcetreeapp.com/) - A mid ranged git client.
- [**TortoiseGit**](https://tortoisegit.org/) - A relatively minimalistic windows interface for Git.

## Community Discords
- [**BlameJared**](https://discord.blamejared.com) - You can go here for help with CraftTweaker, Prestige, and other mods made by Jared.
- [**Mezz's Place**](https://discord.gg/EevEdSG) - You can go here for help with JEI, Forestry, and other mods made by Mezz.
- [**Darkhax's Home**](https://discord.darkhax.net) - You can go here for help with Bookshelf, GameStages, and other mods made by Darkhax.

## Open Source Mods
- [**Botania**](https://github.com/Vazkii/Botania) - A very good place to learn about almost all aspects of the game.

## Discord Resources
- [**Discord Markdown Formatting**](https://support.discordapp.com/hc/en-us/articles/210298617) - A basic guide on how to use Markdown on Discord.

Commit message:

Added KiroTheBlueFox's Model to Collision boxes tool

index.md, after:

# Resource Index

This page serves as a central index for the various resources we share and provide. 

## Tutorials
- [**Darkhax's Tutorials**](https://darkhax.net/tag/mc-mod-tutorial?MMDDevPins) - 1.8/1.9/1.10/1.11/1.12
- [**McJty's Tutorials**](https://wiki.mcjty.eu/modding/index.php?title=Main_Page) - 1.10/1.11/1.12
- [**ShadowFacts's Tutorials**](https://shadowfacts.net/tutorials/forge-modding-112/) - 1.10/1.11/1.12
- [**The Grey Ghost's Minecraft By Example**](https://github.com/TheGreyGhost/MinecraftByExample/) - 1.8/1.10/1.11
- [**Bedrock Miner's Tutorials (Archived)**](https://web.archive.org/web/20170629194638/https://bedrockminer.jimdo.com/modding-tutorials) - 1.7/1.8
- [**Wuppy's Tutorials**](http://www.wuppy29.com/minecraft/modding-tutorials/forge-modding/#sthash.WeP0PGW2.dpbs/) - 1.3/1.4/1.5/1.6/1.7/1.8
- [**Forge's Official Docs**](https://mcforge.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
- **VikeStep's ASM Guide** - [Part 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FgaxnpD-DC4) - [Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75_rJYLj5AU)

## Articles and Resources
- [**List of Mod Ideas**](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10EDeU8_gGPBNcmZg_m9QTCuiRee-Ifw8dNWUTlGqWlg/edit) - A giant list of mod ideas you may use in your projects.
- [**Java for Complete Beginners**](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9DF6E4B45C36D411) - A playlist of videos on YouTube that will teach you how to develop in Java. This is a very beginner friendly resource.
- [**Oracle's Java Tutorials**](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/) - These docs can be very technical, and are not friendly to new developers. 
- [**Oracle's Naming Conventions**](https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/codeconventions-135099.html)
- [**How to use ObjectHolders**](https://gist.github.com/TehNut/dad98543d72d9338d780a24e087e9c7e/) - A guide on object holders, and how to effectively use them.
- [**Why Does Side Only Exist?**](https://gist.github.com/TehNut/4e7b60e0a43c39a709b8b59ae48cb493) - An overview of what the SideOnly annotation is, and why it exists.
- [**Why 32x Textures are Bad**](https://latmod.com/moddingtutorials/textures32x/) - A technical breakdown of why 32x textures should be avoided.
- [**Vanilla's Built In Profiler**](https://www.reddit.com/r/feedthebeast/comments/5mxn51/vanilla_has_an_built_in_profiler_that_not_a_lot/?st=jvpsruh4&sh=bb7c1846) - Vanilla Minecraft has it's own debug profiler. This post explains what it is, and how to use it.
- [**Energy Conversion Rates**](https://gist.github.com/DeflatedPickle/403e1eb0bb0bed7f2509142e63630726/) - A table of energy conversion rates, such as RF to Joules.
- [**1.13 Changes & Primer**](https://gist.github.com/williewillus/353c872bcf1a6ace9921189f6100d09a) - A break down of all the changes in 1.13, and how to adapt to them.
- [**Maven Version Ranges**](https://maven.apache.org/enforcer/enforcer-rules/versionRanges.html) - Format used in version range strings, for dependencies.
- [**Bitshifting Tutorial**](https://latmod.com/tutorials/bitshifting/) - What bitshifting is, and how it works.
- [**OpenGL11 Rendering Tutorial**](http://www.glprogramming.com/red/index.html) - A technical tutorial for OpenGL 11.
- [**Polygon Point Functions**](https://web.archive.org/web/20161108113341/https://www.ecse.rpi.edu/Homepages/wrf/Research/Short_Notes/pnpoly.html) - An archive of some documentation on doing polygon point calculations.
- [**Animated Texture Format**](https://minecraft.gamepedia.com/Tutorials/Creating_a_resource_pack#Animation_Properties) - Documentation on the animated texture format.
- [**Forge Recipe Factory Example**](https://github.com/MinecraftForge/MinecraftForge/blob/1.12.x/src/test/resources/assets/crafting_system_test/recipes/_factories.json) - An example of how to add new recipe factories to forge.
- [**Forge Info by Version**](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MinecraftModDevelopment/Modding-Resources/master/Version%20Info.png) - A list of forge gradle versions and relevant usage info.
- [**Forge 1.12.2 JavaDocs**](http://maven.thiakil.com/forge-1.12-javadoc/) - The Forge 1.12.2 Javadocs.
- [**Why Doesn't My Event Handler Work!!??**](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/179315645005955072/475010493824892948/unknown.png) - A simple flow chart explaining how event handlers work.
- [**Removing Sensitive Data From Git**](https://help.github.com/en/articles/removing-sensitive-data-from-a-repository) - How to remove sensitive data from your git repo.
- [**Learning Git**](https://try.github.io/) - A collection of resources to learn git.
- [**Forge's contained deps example**](https://github.com/JamiesWhiteShirt/clothesline/blob/master/build.gradle) - An example script that uses contained dependencies.
- [**Troubleshooting Json Models**](https://greyminecraftcoder.blogspot.com/2015/03/troubleshooting-block-and-item-rendering.html) - How to debug broken Json models.
- [**Old (1.7.2) Models**](https://jabelarminecraft.blogspot.com/p/complex-entity-models-including.html) - Documentation on the old way of doing models.
- [**IntelliJ Debugging**](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/debugging-code.html) - How to debug with the IntelliJ IDE.
- [**Eclipse Debugging**](https://www.eclipse.org/community/eclipse_newsletter/2017/june/article1.php) - How to debug with the Eclipse IDE.
- [**Why you should never use OpenGL directly, or GlStateManager.pushAttrib/popAttrib**](https://gist.github.com/JamiesWhiteShirt/ff2521936a83ebc10fd6893e206a6770) - A breakdown on why you should always use the GlStateManager instead of OpenGL directly. Also covers why push/pop attrib is broken.
- [**Common 1.12 Mapping Changes**](https://gist.github.com/strikerrocker/1e31558b35dc65c49fb56fddca9fcf5d) - Some of the more common methods that have been remapped/changes in 1.12.
- [**Mod Dependencies**](https://gist.github.com/strikerrocker/873f81e686f391662f39b83efee136ff) - How to load other mods into your dev environment as build dependencies.

## General Tools
- [**Thiakil's MCP Mapping Viewer**](http://mcp.thiakil.com/index.html) - Lets you quickly search for info on MCP and SRG mapping names.
- [**Bspkrs's MCP Mapping Viewer**](http://bspk.rs/MC/MCPMappingViewer/index.html) - Lets you search through MCP mappings locally.
- [**Minecraft IDEA Plugin**](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/8327/) - Adds specialized support for Minecraft in IDEA. This is not required, but usually recommended.
- [**Techne Model Conversion**](https://gist.github.com/ljfa-ag/cd137f5c741a0cfb0ead) - A pearl script for converting techne models to other model formats.
- [**JsonLint**](http://jsonlint.com/) - A linter for Json. Let's you validate and format json files.
- [**Lang2Json**](https://tterrag.com/lang2json/) - Converts old .lang files to the new json format.
- [**Curse Profit Calculator**](https://cobalt.darkhax.net/curse-profit-calc/) - Allows you to quickly calculate curse profit by project over a period of time. Comes with several ways to export the data.
- [**Modmuss's CurseTracker**](https://cursetracker.modmuss50.me/) - Shows statistics about Curse downloads, including hourly download breakdowns.
- [**Author Version Coverage Sheet**](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gQY1EzYwOXpfehluqujwh_32regA798RHmdlgG6rdKU/edit#gid=0) - A google sheet which can be used to visualize all versions a mod author does/doesn't support with their mods. This is especially useful when tracking your progress updating to newer versions.
- [**Gradle Collection**](https://github.com/MinecraftModDevelopment/Gradle-Collection) - A collection of gradle scripts that can be imported and used in your buildscripts.
- [**GitIgnoreIO**](https://www.gitignore.io/) - A database of various .gitignore entries.
- [**Code Recipe to Json Recipe**](https://gist.github.com/williewillus/a1a899ce5b0f0ba099078d46ae3dae6e) - A class to convert old code recipes to new json based ones.
- [**Minecraft Recipe Generator**](https://crafting.thedestruc7i0n.ca/) - A tool for building new recipes in the vanilla json format. 
- [**Coding Practice**](https://www.hackerrank.com/) - A place to practice your coding skills.
- [**Json Smelting Recipes**](https://gist.github.com/Bluexin/c4960cf81b7720afbda0b1fbcfdd0450) - Allows 1.13+ style json smelting recipes to be used on 1.12 and below.
- [**Minecraft Anntations**](https://github.com/mezz/MinecraftAnnotations/) - External fix for null/nonnull annotations.
- [**BetterCF**](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/bettercf) - A FireFox extension which adds several useful utilities to CurseForge, such as in browser maven info for Curse files.
- [**CurseForge Maven Helper**](https://github.com/Wyn-Price/CurseForge-Maven-Helper/releases/latest) - A client side app by Wyn Price, which can generate maven info from a CurseForge file.
- [**KiroTheBlueFox's Model to Collision boxes tool**](https://github.com/KiroTheBlueFox/modeltocollisionboxesminecraft) - A simple tool to generate all the collision boxes from a block .json model file.

### Git Clients
- [**GitKraken**](https://www.gitkraken.com/) - A somewhat advanced git clinet. 
- [**GitHub Client**](https://desktop.github.com/) - Easy for beginners. 
- [**SourceTreeApp**](https://www.sourcetreeapp.com/) - A mid ranged git client.
- [**TortoiseGit**](https://tortoisegit.org/) - A relatively minimalistic windows interface for Git.

## Community Discords
- [**BlameJared**](https://discord.blamejared.com) - You can go here for help with CraftTweaker, Prestige, and other mods made by Jared.
- [**Mezz's Place**](https://discord.gg/EevEdSG) - You can go here for help with JEI, Forestry, and other mods made by Mezz.
- [**Darkhax's Home**](https://discord.darkhax.net) - You can go here for help with Bookshelf, GameStages, and other mods made by Darkhax.

## Open Source Mods
- [**Botania**](https://github.com/Vazkii/Botania) - A very good place to learn about almost all aspects of the game.

## Discord Resources
- [**Discord Markdown Formatting**](https://support.discordapp.com/hc/en-us/articles/210298617) - A basic guide on how to use Markdown on Discord.
